Runtime environment variables docs for node integration (#7378)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/node/README.md

SERVER_KEY_PATH=./private/key.pem SERVER_CERT_PATH=./private/cert.pem node ./dist/server/entry.mjs
```

#### Runtime environment variables

> If an `.env` file is present when the build process is run, the values of environment variables provided by this file will be hard-coded in the output, same as when generating a static website. Special handling is required for values that have to be provided at run-time. Such variables must exist with any value during the build process: `RUNTIME_VALUE=placeholder astro build`. The placeholder value will be ignored by the build process, however its existence will signal to Astro that the actual value will be available as an environment variable when the built application will be run. In the case of multiple variables, you can store them in a file like `.env.runtime` and then start the build with the following command: `export $(cat .env.runtime) && astro build`. Note that these variables **must be absent** in the `.env` file.

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
If an `.env` file containing environment variables is present when the build process is run, these values will be hard-coded in the output, just as when generating a static website. 

For a value to be provided at run-time, use the following variable with any placeholder value in your `.env` file:  `RUNTIME_VALUE=placeholder astro build`.  This variable will signal to Astro that the actual value will be available when the built application is run. The placeholder value will be ignored by the build process, and Astro will use the value provided at run-time. 

In the case of multiple run-time variables, store them in a seperate file (e.g. `.env.runtime`) outside of `.env`. Start the build with the following command: 
```sh
export $(cat .env.runtime) && astro build
```
``````
I've edited this to split up the content into easier to read chunks, and tried to tighten up some wording while I'm at it. Of course, when I do this, I might often cut something important or miss a nuance, so please have a read over this as a suggested model, and don't hesitate to correct so that it is actually factually accurate!  :smile:

Author: Thank you, Sarah, I’m always happy to get an input from a tech writer and a native speaker!

This topic is unfortunately overly complex, and I see that I could not explain it clearly enough. For one, it’s not the single `RUNTIME_VALUE` which needs to be provided: during the build the developer needs to provide *every* value which will also come in during the execution. Another important part which lost its emphasis is this: "Note that these variables **must be absent** in the `.env` file." 

What do you think about this improved version?

>If an `.env` file containing environment variables is present when the build process is run, these values will be hard-coded in the output, just as when generating a static website. 

>Special handling is required for values that have to be provided at run-time. During the build, they **must be absent** from the `.env` file. But you also need to tell Astro which environment variables to expect at run-time. For that you need to provide them during the build process: `VALUE1=placeholder VALUE2=placeholder astro build`. Feel free to replace `placeholder` with any non-falsy value, it will be ignored anyway.

>Providing multiple values in this way could be cumbersome. For convenience, store them in a seperate file (e.g. `.env.runtime`). Start the build with the following command: 
```sh
export $(cat .env.runtime) && astro build
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the long wait. Our docs reviewing/editing has had a huge backlog and I'm picking this up for Astro Docs Maintainers!

This is looking much better! I have a few suggestions based on your revision, of which I've thrown in a new review.

> If an `.env` file is present when the build process is run, the values of environment variables provided by this file will be hard-coded in the output, same as when generating a static website. Special handling is required for values that have to be provided at run-time. Such variables must exist with any value during the build process: `RUNTIME_VALUE=placeholder astro build`. The placeholder value will be ignored by the build process, however its existence will signal to Astro that the actual value will be available as an environment variable when the built application will be run. In the case of multiple variables, you can store them in a file like `.env.runtime` and then start the build with the following command: `export $(cat .env.runtime) && astro build`. Note that these variables **must be absent** in the `.env` file.

Reviewer 2: > https://github.com/withastro/astro/pull/7378#discussion_r1233608066

After the first section, you explain how to use it with multiple variables. We wouldn't want to lead people down the wrong path before asking them to do it another way. We can probably still make this clear in the text with something like "you must provide Astro with every environment variable".

In the final section, we shouldn't need to mention it's convenience, because we're trying to teach the user the one, easy way to do something.

```suggestion
If an `.env` file containing environment variables is present when the build process is run, these values will be hard-coded in the output, just as when generating a static website.

During the build, the variable must be absent from the `.env` file, and you must provide Astro with every environment variable to expect at run-time: `VARIABLE_1=placeholder astro build`. This signals to Astro that the actual value will be available when the built application is run. The placeholder value will be ignored by the build process, and Astro will use the value provided at run-time.

In the case of multiple run-time variables, store them in a seperate file (e.g. `.env.runtime`) from `.env`. Start the build with the following command:

```sh
export $(cat .env.runtime) && astro build
```
```

SERVER_KEY_PATH=./private/key.pem SERVER_CERT_PATH=./private/cert.pem node ./dist/server/entry.mjs
```

#### Runtime environment variables

If an `.env` file containing environment variables is present when the build process is run, these values will be hard-coded in the output, just as when generating a static website.

> During the build, the variable must be absent from the `.env` file, and you must provide Astro with every environment variable to expect at run-time: `VARIABLE_1=placeholder astro build`. This signals to Astro that the actual value will be available when the built application is run. The placeholder value will be ignored by the build process, and Astro will use the value provided at run-time.

Author: Thank you for your input @TheOtterlord, this looks very nice! Before merging it, though, do you think it would make sense to make this clearer? "During the build, the variable must be absent from the `.env` file" does not say which variable. Could it be "the runtime variables"

Reviewer 2: Yep! That sounds like a great clarification

Author: I’ve adjusted it like this. How does the PR look to you now?
